I am Melissa Edgeworth so my name is
Becky Brown Julie rayon the chief
clinical officer and I'm the chief
operating officer for I'm the director
of administrative services here at
Valley Behavioral Health Valley is the
largest behavioral health provider
tri-state and mental health substance
abuse services autism services and the
full continuum of care for all ages
I love the pulse product because it
gives me insight into the client
satisfaction immediately we were
utilizing some hand tracking methodology
and a ton of staff to make sure we were
tracking that our information was very
delayed we were finding out months later
about client experience issues that
needed to be solved with more efficiency
last year when you look at the data
before we implemented pulse from January
to April we had no satisfaction surveys
whatsoever on any of our clients going
into 20/20 with pulse fully implemented
across the organization I already have
about 900 responses for client
satisfaction
at the end of February before we had
pulse for good we had we would use paper
customer satisfaction surveys and those
were helpful but it was hard to compile
the data and week we could gather themes
that we wanted to address in our
programs to help improve our patient
experience but it didn't give it it was
hard because we had to compile it type
it out and then also I think our clients
were a little bit nervous to really talk
about what's going on
for them because they're handing the the
survey back to somebody so it didn't
feel as confidential yeah I think pulse
for good has allowed us opportunities to
see deep down into the workforce areas
where there are winds with particular
staff or quality of care that allow us
to acknowledge those staff in ways that
maybe they have been missed in the past
and felt like they haven't been
recognized I would say if organizations
like ours are not using pulse for good
they are missing valuable information to
drive the process improvement and
excellence in client care I absolutely
recommend pulse to other organization
if you need to gather satisfaction data
the post kiosks and surveys are the way
to go
we love the dashboards they're super
easy to read I would highly recommend
pulse for other organizations like ours
I think it really creates a safe
environment it allows them to get in
time data on the things that they're
wondering about and it really cuts out
that extra administrative time with
these paper surveys I love working with
the vendor really I mean I I implement a
lot of software's and I do a lot of work
with technology and vendors and I can
say without reservation pulses like the
best vendor ever I really like working
with the team they're super responsive
they're super quick they use the
communication methods that work best for
our team whether that's being on slack
being on email calling them they've done
a lot of customizations for us on
request so the product is great the
support is great and I definitely
recommend
[Music]